What is the most embarrassing way you’ve been hurt?
What are three smells that you like?
What is your favourite board game?
If you could only use one word for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What do you like to do on Friday nights?
Have you ever thrown someone a huge party?
What is the strangest thing that you have eaten?
Which is your favourite season?
What is something you used to believe but don’t believe anymore?
What is something that’s true but nobody agrees with you on?
Which instrument has the funniest sound?
Where would you move if you were forced to leave the country?
If you could meet anyone alive today, who would it be?
What is the biggest risk you have taken?
What will you name your next child (or pet)?
What is something that usually only young people do that you enjoy doing regardless?
What is one of your pet peeves?
Who is the messiest person you’ve known?
Which smells better: fresh-cut grass or fresh-baked bread?
Who is your favourite cartoon character?
Are you afraid of the dark?
What is a colour that you can’t stand to look at?
What would you be if you had to wear one Halloween costume for the rest of your life?
What is a skill you believe everyone should have?
What is the first thing you do after arriving home after a trip?
What is the first thing you would buy if you were given one billion dollars?
What is a song that you sing along with every time you hear it?
What was the biggest cooking disaster you caused?
What is the craziest bet you have made?
What cuisine would you serve if you ran a restaurant?
What is the classiest event you’ve attended?
What food looks better than it tastes?
What is the first thing you pack when travelling out of the country?
What is the strangest TV commercial you’ve seen?
What kinds of games do you find addictive?
What do you like to do on weekends?
What era would you travel to if you had a time machine?
What food do you love to share with others?
What is a hobby that you’re working on getting better at?
What is your favourite book from childhood?
What is a habit you’re working on trying to break?
What is a habit you’re trying to develop?
Which animal would be the best conversationalist if they could speak a human language?
What movie makes you laugh even though you’ve watched it many times?
What was your favourite toy as a child?
What is the best name you can think for a cat?
Have you ever counted your steps while walking?
What would you never purchase, even if you were a millionaire?
If you could have lunch with one person from history, who would it be?
What is one product you can’t live without?
What would you name your yacht if you had one?
Where would your dream vacation be to?
If you were seated next to a celebrity in a restaurant, who would you want it to be?
If you had 24 hours to do whatever you wanted without repercussions, what would you do?
What is your main reason for getting out of bed every day?
How do you politely end conversations with someone who is bothering you?
What is something that makes your day better?
What is the strangest thing a teacher of yours has done?
What colour makes you feel the best?
Who is the best movie villain?
Would you rather have many hobbies or one passion project?
What is your favourite wild animal?
What is a funny video that you can watch on repeat?
If you could only drink either coffee or tea for the rest of your life, which one would you choose?
What is your favourite action movie?
What is something that motivates you?
What is the most beautiful country you’ve visited?
Do you prefer to cook at home or eat at a restaurant?
What is a useless talent you have?
How often do you change your bedsheets?
Do you like listening to podcasts?
Do you think you’re good with money?
What is the strangest superstition you’ve heard of?
If dark chocolate was the only food on the planet, would you starve?
Do you like the taste of cilantro?
What are two questions you wish you knew your pet’s answers to?
What is the easiest meal to cook?
How do you cope with stressful environments?
What is a quotation that people often reference that you disagree with?
What was the most flattering compliment you received?
If you had to change your name, what would your new name be?
Do you usually think things through or go with your gut?
When was the last time you got an adrenaline rush?
Who is the tallest member of your family?
What is a trait you got from your parents?
Who was your role model in high school?
If you could choose to have a superpower, what would it be?
Would you ever name your child after yourself?
What is a body part that you wouldn’t mind losing?
What is the perfect vacation for you?
Do you have any irrational fears?
What makes you feel jealous?
Which film would you like to see a musical version of?
When was the last time you screwed something up but no one noticed?
Have you kept a journal before?
What do you usually daydream about?
If you could only listen to one piece of music for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What are three things you can never remember?
What is your most beautiful facial feature?
What is the strangest thing on your bucket list?
Have you ever pulled out a tooth just to get money from the tooth fairy?
What do you think is the best hangover cure?
What are the foreign languages you’d like to master?
In your own opinion, how intelligent are you?
Where was the biggest pimple you ever had?
Would you move to another country for love?
What was the last movie that made you tear up?
How many concerts have you been to?
What would you name your car?
What piece of advice would you send to your past self?
What is the last movie you saw in theatre?
Do you believe that there is intelligent life on other planets?
What was the best year of your life?
What is your biggest accomplishment in life?
What TV series could you watch multiple times?
If you weren’t here right now, where would you want to be?
Where is the worst smelling place you have been?
Would you be willing to move to another country without your friends or family?
What did you eat for breakfast?
If you could go into one store and take everything you want at no charge, which store would it be?
What is your least favourite household chore?
Do you have a role model?
What do you listen to while driving?
Which IHOP syrup would you put on your pancakes: old fashioned, blueberry, butter pecan, or strawberry?
Which is your favourite holiday?
What is the first novel you remember reading?
What is a fact about you that others find difficult to believe?
What kinds of flowers do you like?
What is a talent you have that you wish you could use more often?
What is your favourite family tradition?
Were you ever caught while sneaking out of the house?
What is the meaning of your name?
What was your favourite subject in grade school?
What is an animal that you find strange?
How would you react if you saw a ghost?
If you were a bird, what kind of bird would you be?
Have you ever been in a fan club?
How do you feel about math?
What is your favourite lullaby?
What would you serve if you were having friends over for a dinner party?
What is your favourite day of the week?
What is the strangest Halloween costume you have worn?
What do you miss about being a kid?
How do you inspire other people?
Is there a song that describes your life right now?
Where do you see yourself in five years?
What make of car do you like the most?
What would you do if you had to change professions?
Do you like to exercise regularly?
What is the worst food you remember eating?
What is your most cherished possession?
What is the most valuable lesson you’ve learned in life?
If you were a pair of shoes, what brand would you like to be?
What is your dream job?
Do you keep secrets from your parents?
What is an extreme challenge from your life that you’ve already overcome?
Have you ever thought of having plastic surgery?
What sounds can you not stand?
What is your current favourite TV show?
Which of the Seven Dwarfs resembles you the most?
What was your favourite dance move when you were a kid?
How many countries have you visited?
Have you ever fallen down the stairs?
What is one piece of advice you wished you had taken more seriously?
What do you like most about going to the beach?
Have you experienced being hospitalized?
How many times have you traveled by sea?
Who would you want to play you in a biographical film about your life?
Have you ever composed a song?
Which fictional book character would like to meet?
Do you get thirsty in the middle of the night?
What are the qualities you look for in a friend?
How competitive are you?
Do you have a favourite athlete?
What sports do you follow?
What musical instruments can you play?
What would you do if you became lost in a city that you aren’t familiar with?
How old were you when you first got your own phone?
Can you name five things that are lost or hidden in your bedroom?
How do you feel about answering icebreaker questions?
What is a word that you wish everyone knew?
What is the first movie you would make if you were a filmmaker?
Which member of your family were you closest to as a child?
If you could be really good at a sport, which sport would you choose?
Do you think of yourself as creative?
Do you know how to change a flat tire?
What genre would you write if you were an author?
Do you consider yourself as impulsive?
Who is your favourite superhero?
Who do you think is your celebrity look-a-like?
If you got turned into a plant, what kind of plant would you want to be?
What was the last thing you ate?
What was something you really wanted to do as a kid but never had the opportunity to do?
Do you know any funny pick-up lines?
What is your least favourite board game?
Would you like to be famous someday?
What are your favourite fast food restaurants?
Would you rather play a hero or a villain in a movie?
What is something that people tend to misunderstand about you?
Are you a collector of something?
What is your lucky number?
Have you recently checked off an item from your bucket list?
What is your most-used emoji?
Have you ever borrowed something from a friend and failed to return it?
How do you feel about eating food that has fallen on the floor?
What is your favourite indoor activity?
What is your favourite outdoor activity?
Do you get bored easily?
If you could stay one age for the rest of your life, what age would you choose?
What is a popular food ingredient, spice, or herb that you dislike?
What are the things that take up too much of your time?
How do you feel about clowns?
What would you do with the extra hour if there were 25 hours in a day?
What is your favourite sandwich spread?
Do you prefer to fix things yourself, or get an expert to fix things for you?
What time do you usually go to bed?
What time do you usually wake up?
Do you wake up naturally or use an alarm clock?
How many pairs of shoes do you own?
Would you rather visit your ancestors in the past or meet your descendants in the future?
Would you ever spend a hundred dollars on a meal for yourself?
Do you keep any houseplants?
Do you have a green thumb?
What uncommon item do you have on your desk?
Have you learned anything new today?
What has been the longest time you had to wait for someone?
What season best fits your personality?
How do you feel about garden gnomes and pink flamingos in people’s yards?
What is the longest plane trip you’ve taken?
What is the most severe weather event you’ve experienced?
What habits are preventing you from achieving your goals?
What is something that is not true about you, but your friends might believe is true if you told them?
What do you like to wear when you’re at home by yourself?
What is an investment that you made recently?
What is your favourite material object that you own?
What kind of company would you start if you were given $50,000 to start one?
For a day, would you rather be a hobbit or an elf?
What was your favourite childhood snack?
What is your favourite month?
Which continent will be the next one you travel to?
Have you ever walked out of a theatre before the end of the movie or show?
What strange food combinations do you enjoy?
What food have you never eaten but really want to try?
Where do you get your news?
What movie can you watch over and over without getting tired of?
How many times a day do you have caffeine?
How bad do you have to feel before you’ll take a sick day?
What device would be the most annoying if it played loud upbeat music while being used?
When did something start out badly for you but ended up great?
Which animal would be the cutest if it was scaled down to the size of a house cat?
If your work gave you a surprise three day paid break to rest and recuperate, what would you do with those three days?
What is an unintuitive fact that you know?
What is the best or worst practical joke that you played on someone or that was played on you?
Where do you get your home furnishings and decor from?
What food is delicious but difficult or awkward to eat?
Who was your craziest or most interesting teacher?
What “old person” things do you do?
What was the last photo you took?
What is the most amazing slow motion video you’ve seen?
What is the spiciest thing you’ve ever eaten?
What is the most expensive thing you’ve broken?
What is your cure for hiccups?
What is an invention that goes unnoticed but has greatly improved the world?
What is the most interesting building you’ve seen or been inside?
What mythical creature do you wish actually existed?
If someone narrated your life, who would you want to be the narrator?
What are you interested in that most people aren’t?
What smartphone feature would you be excited for a company to implement?
What is something people don’t seem to worry about but probably should?
What movie quotes do you use on a regular basis?
Do you think that children born today will have shorter or longer life expectancies than their parents?
Which charity or charitable cause is most deserving of money?
What TV show character would it be the most fun to change places with for a week?
What was cool when you were young but isn’t cool now?
If you were moving to another country, but could only pack one carry-on sized bag, what would you pack?
If magic was real, what spell would you try to learn first?
What goal do you think humanity is not focused enough on achieving?
What problem are you currently grappling with?
What game have you spent the most hours playing?
What is the most comfortable bed or chair you’ve ever been in?
What is the hardest thing you’ve ever worked at?
What movie, picture, or video always makes you laugh no matter how often you watch it?
What artist or band do you always recommend when someone asks for a music recommendation?
If you could have an all-expenses paid trip to see any famous world monument, which monument would you choose?
What is the coldest weather you’ve ever been in?
Which protagonist from a book or movie would make the worst roommate?
Do you eat food that’s past its expiration date if it still smells and looks fine?
What is the most ridiculous thing you have bought?
What outdoor activity haven’t you tried, but would like to?
What songs make you feel nostalgia every time you hear them?
What is the most interesting documentary you’ve watched?
What was the last song you sang along to?
If you were given five million dollars to open a small museum, what kind of museum would you make?
Which of your vices or bad habits would be the hardest to give up?
What really needs to be modernized?
When was the last time you slept more than nine hours?
How comfortable are you speaking in front of large groups of people?
What would be the best thing you could reasonably expect to find in a cave?
What bit of trivia do you know that is very interesting but also very useless?
What animal or plant do you think should be renamed?
As a child, what did you think would be awesome about being an adult, but isn’t as awesome as you thought it would be?
What is the most boring superhero you can come up with?
What word is a lot of fun to say?
What current trend do you hope will go on for a long time?
What restaurant do you take visitors from out of town in order to impress them?
What languages do you wish you could speak?
What is the most pleasant sounding accent?
What is something that everyone—absolutely everyone—in the entire world can agree on?
What is the funniest word in the English language?
What is some insider knowledge that only people in your line of work have?
Who do you wish you could get back into contact with?
How do you make yourself sleep when you’re having trouble sleeping?
What are some of the best vacations you’ve had?
What’s a story you could tell that starts with “Back in my day, we used to…”?
What is the worst hairstyle you’ve had?
What habit do you have now that you wish you started much earlier?
If you were given one thousand acres of land that you didn’t need to pay taxes on but couldn’t sell, what would you do with it?
What life skills are rarely taught but are extremely useful?
What movie universe would be the worst to live out your life in?
Who do you feel like you know even though you’ve never met them?
What is the worst thing you’ve eaten out of politeness?
What happens in your country regularly that people in other countries would find strange?
What is your funniest story involving a car?
What would be the click-bait titles of some popular movies?
If you built a themed hotel, what would the theme be and what would the rooms look like?
What scientific discovery would change the course of humanity overnight if it was discovered?
What is the grossest food that you just can’t get enough of?
What brand are you most loyal to?
What movie or book do you know the most quotes from?
What was one of the most interesting concerts you’ve been to?
What is the most recent show you’ve binge-watched?
What is a common experience for many people that you’ve never experienced?
What are some misconceptions about your hobby?
What is the smartest thing you’ve seen an animal do?
What is the most annoying noise?
What is the last thing that you Googled?
If money and practicality weren’t an issue, what would be the most interesting way to get around town?
What is the most frustrating product you own?
